At first glance, here's some of my comments and feedback for the admin portal:
1. I need to see how much revenue we've made from people downloading and paying for the app.
2. Is there a way that I can send a registered user a promo code for them to share the app with others for free (e.g., I create a promo code for 10 free app downloads and send it to a user to share).
3. We have 3 user platforms - web, iOS and Android. I'd like to see which of these a registered user is using
4. I'd like to be able to see account managers/designees - those users that have been invited to manage someone's account
5. Is there a way to get a full list of all the contacts loaded into the software for each digital legacy? The see which contacts belong to which digital legacy
6. The Burial link isn't working yet.
7. For a Charity, I'd like to be able to see who the charity belongs too
8. For the Digital Legacy, Title should be changed to Name
9. Should I be able to click on Digital Legacy to open it? Similar for all the data rows provided?
10. When I click on any of the dashboard summaries, nothing happens...shouldn't I be able to click on them to drill-down to the details?
11. Rather than have an update button for each dashboard summary...should we have one refresh/update button in the right corner?
12. For a registered user, it would be good to see the last time they used the software/app.
13. For a digital legacy, it would be good to see how many times it has been edited, viewed, shared and searched
14. For a charity, it would be good to see the last time a donation was made for it.
15. For digital legacies, it would be good to see which one are public versus private, the same for the burials
16. For registered users, it would be good to see which ones have opted in and out of communications, etc.
17. For registered users, I'd like to be able to click on the record to see their profile details, and or their account details
18. Is there a way to see which registered user is sharing the app the most.
19. Is there a way for us to close/update an account for a registered user? Or to close down/update a digital legacy? Can I assign a manager for a digital legacy in the case where the user and the designee die at the same time?
20. Is there a way for us to see how much space a digital legacy is taking up based on photos, videos, etc. uploaded to their account? We have a limit which is why this needs to be tracked.

Feedback point out of scope
1. I need to see how much revenue we've made from people downloading and paying for the app.
2. Is there a way that I can send a registered user a promo code for them to share the app with others for free (e.g., I create a promo code for 10 free app downloads and send it to a user to share).
3. I'd like to be able to see account managers/designees - those users that have been invited to manage someone's account
4. Is there a way to get a full list of all the contacts loaded into the software for each digital legacy? The see which contacts belong to which digital legacy
5. For a registered user, it would be good to see the last time they used the software/app.
6. For a digital legacy, it would be good to see how many times it has been edited, viewed, shared and searched
7. For registered users, it would be good to see which ones have opted in and out of communications, etc.
8. Is there a way for us to close/update an account for a registered user? Or to close down/update a digital legacy? Can I assign a manager for a digital legacy in the case where the user and the designee die at the same time?
9. Is there a way for us to see how much space a digital legacy is taking up based on photos, videos, etc. uploaded to their account? We have a limit which is why this needs to be tracked.

Feedback points

1. We have 3 user platforms - web, iOS and Android. I'd like to see which of these a registered user is using
2. The Burial link isn't working yet.
3. For a Charity, I'd like to be able to see who the charity belongs too
4. For the Digital Legacy, Title should be changed to Name
5. Should I be able to click on Digital Legacy to open it? Similar for all the data rows provided?
6. When I click on any of the dashboard summaries, nothing happens...shouldn't I be able to click on them to drill-down to the details?
7. Rather than have an update button for each dashboard summary...should we have one refresh/update button in the right corner?
8. For a charity, it would be good to see the last time a donation was made for it.
9. For digital legacies, it would be good to see which one are public versus private, the same for the burials
10.For registered users, I'd like to be able to click on the record to see their profile details, and or their account details
11.Is there a way to see which registered user is sharing the app the most.

